DOCS-1645: Fix code comments and code blocks (#809)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/networking/egress/egress-gateway-maintenance.mdx

> Once our patched sample deployment has been fully rolled out, each of our application pods should now depend on at-most 1 egress gateway replica. Lets bring down another egress gateway pod and monitor our application logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After our patched sample deployment is fully rolled out, each application pod should now depend on at most one egress gateway replica. Let's bring down another egress gateway pod and monitor our application logs:
```

Author: Done
